[OKTA-847065] Note to Postman Collections page (#5260)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/postman-collections/index.md

# Import a Postman Collection

> **Note:** The following Postman collections are no longer kept up to date. For the most recent versions of the Postman collections, see [Okta Public API Collections](https://www.postman.com/okta-eng/okta-public-api-collections/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The following Postman collections are no longer maintained. For the most recent versions of the Postman collections, see [Okta Public API Collections](https://www.postman.com/okta-eng/okta-public-api-collections/overview).
```
